---
layout: post
title: Résumé
date: 2014-04-25 12:27:31
disqus: n
---
# Résumé

---------

## About

Hi! My name is **Gao, Chao**.

I am a web developer.


## Contact

I am currently living in Shanghai, China.

You can reach me by

- <0086-18621942219>
- <supergrubby@foxmail.com>


## Education

**Dalian University of Technology**

- Fields: Software Engineering
- Dates: Sep. 2010 - Jul. 2014
- Location: Dalian, China


## Skills

I am familiar with:

- Java
- MongoDB
- JavaScript
- CSS / HTML
- Git/SVN
- Other CI and testing tools

I have a little knowledge about:

- Python
- Ruby
- Objective-C
- C#
- C


## Experience

**Citigroup**

This is my current job.

- Position: Software Engineer
- Location: Shanghai, China
- Dates: Jul. 2014 - now
- Work Details:
	- API design and implementation for the main module
	- Auto-testing and continuous integration framework building
	- NoSQL database design and system migration


**Citigroup**

This is my internship. 

- Position: Web Developer
- Location: Dalian, China
- Dates: Nov. 2013 - May. 2014
- Work Details:
	- 3 months training of enterprise software development and financial business
	- Involved in developing 2 ICG Projects, including front-end enhancement, utilities development, module development and testing, server deployment and maintenance 


## Projects

Part of my recent personal projects.

### Java Libraries

- nosh - For developer without MongoDB knowledge, write simple code to work with collections in MongoDB, based on Jongo.
- xbuilder - Transform getter/setter to builder with little effort, very useful when writing fixtures.
- xlog - One simple click to get and back up all logs from the paths set; convert logs to formatted csv for further analysis.

### Web App

- tsuri - A django web app help you have a view of and manage your skills in a tree mode.

### Chrome Extensions

- dicto - A simple dictionary extension for chrome, help you work in zen mode.





